Refer back to this repo from the LL Actions docs (#80)
github/learning-lab-components: actions/README.md

Actions are reusable modules that each course has access to. They are each designed to do very specific things, and nothing more. This is to optimize for reusability and simplicity.

<!-- Reminder: Although the following paragraph might seem odd to exist within the same repo, it is also integrated into the external documentation for Learning Lab, e.g. https://lab.github.com/docs/actions/ -->

> If you would like to contribute to the evolution of these actions, we encourage you to collaborate with us in the [open source `github/learning-lab-components` repository](https://github.com/github/learning-lab-components).

Reviewer: Some slightly more approachable wording:

```suggestion
If you're interested in contributing to the evolution of these actions, we would love to collaborate with you in the [open source `github/learning-lab-components` repository](https://github.com/github/learning-lab-components)!
```

Author: I like it. :+1:
